Update links containing 'master' to 'main' branch (#256)
SteeltoeOSS/Samples: Connectors/src/MySqlEFCore/README.md

﻿# MySql Connector Sample App - EntityFramework Core

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/_apis/build/status/Samples/SteeltoeOSS.Samples%20%5BConnectors_MySqlEFCore%5D?branchName=2.x)](https://dev.azure.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/_build/latest?definitionId=18&branchName=main)

> ASP.NET Core sample app illustrating how to use the EntityFramework Core together with [Steeltoe MySql Connector](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Connectors/tree/main/src/Steeltoe.CloudFoundry.Connector.MySql) for connecting to a MySql service on CloudFoundry. There is also an additional sample which illustrates how to use a `MySqlConnection` to issue commands to the bound database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core sample app illustrating how to use the EntityFramework Core together with [Steeltoe MySql Connector](https://docs.steeltoe.io/api/v3/connectors/mysql.html) for connecting to a MySql service on CloudFoundry. There is also an additional sample which illustrates how to use a `MySqlConnection` to issue commands to the bound database.
```

Old link to an archived repo
